haukka+N+Sg+Nom: haukka
haukka+N+Sg+Gen: haukan
haukka+N+Sg+par: haukkaa
haukka+N+Sg+Tra: haukaksi
haukka+N+Sg+Abe: haukatta
haukka+N+Sg+Ine: haukassa
haukka+N+Sg+Ela: haukasta
haukka+N+Sg+Ill: haukkhaan
haukka+N+Sg+Ade: haukala
haukka+N+Sg+Abl: haukalta
haukka+N+Sg+All: haukale
haukka+N+Sg+Ess: haukkana
haukka+N+Pl+Nom: haukat
haukka+N+Pl+Gen: haukkoin
haukka+N+Pl+Par: haukkoi
haukka+N+Pl+Tra: haukoiksi
haukka+N+Pl+Abe: haukoitta
haukka+N+Pl+Ine: haukoissa
haukka+N+Pl+Ela: haukoista
haukka+N+Pl+Ill: haukkhoin
haukka+N+Pl+Ade: haukoila
haukka+N+Pl+Abl: haukoilta
haukka+N+Pl+All: haukoile
haukka+N+Pl+Ess: haukkoina
haukka+N+Pl+Com: haukoine

  Noun - kuva - ok : # Noun 'picture'
     kuva+N+Sg+Nom: kuva
     kuva+N+Sg+Gen: kuvan
     kuva+N+Sg+Par: kuvvaa
     kuva+N+Sg+Tra: kuvaksi
     kuva+N+Sg+Abe: kuvatta
     kuva+N+Sg+Ine: kuvassa
     kuva+N+Sg+Ela: kuvasta
     kuva+N+Sg+Ill: kuvhaan
     kuva+N+Sg+Ade: kuvala
     kuva+N+Sg+Abl: kuvalta
     kuva+N+Sg+All: kuvale
     kuva+N+Sg+Ess: kuvana
     kuva+N+Pl+Nom: kuvat
     kuva+N+Pl+Gen: kuvitten #  -tten vaatii heikon vartalon.
     kuva+N+Pl+Par: kuvia
     kuva+N+Pl+Tra: kuviksi
     kuva+N+Pl+Abe: kuvitta
     kuva+N+Pl+Ine: kuvissa
     kuva+N+Pl+Ela: kuvista
     kuva+N+Pl+Ill: kuvhiin
     kuva+N+Pl+Ade: kuvila
     kuva+N+Pl+Abl: kuvilta
     kuva+N+Pl+All: kuvile
     kuva+N+Pl+Ess: kuvina
     kuva+N+Pl+Com: kuvine
